AI Usage Journal
Jeremiah Carr
jcarr12@terpmail.umd.edu
INST326 - Section 0202

Week - 1

When it comes to using AI this week, I didn't really use it much. We covered Gemini in class, but I haven't had the chance yet to play around with it. For the progress that I have made thus far on the lab for week 1, I have not had to use AI. I did however notice that as I am completing each question, the AI that is built into Google Colab (Gemini?) automatically tries to fill in the code for me based on what the instructions are asking and what I have begun to input. Some of it is helpful and some isn't. Especially as someone who is still trying to get hang of the basics, I feel like it doesn't give me a complete chance to do it on my own, so I ignore it as best I can, but use it if I fell like I am getting stuck, while also having it explain what I am doing wrong so I can fix it. 

Week - 2

This week, I utulized AI, specifically ChatGPT to explore more about my hair products that I use and how they help my hair type. I also used it in my week 2 expercies, both Gemini and Chat to give me more problems to answer and practice with, while not providing any direct answers so that I can learn and become better at coding overall.

Week - 3 

During week 3 I used AI, specifically chatGPT a few times. First, my October RA bulletin boards
are due and I needed a title for this months critical messaging information that related to my theme
of my floor and mental health. I asked chatGPT based on my floor theme and the theme of October
critial messaging good title ideas that were short and fun. I ended up getting "Destination: YOU". 
I also used it to describe to me how specific skills for an internship I am interested in relates
to the current work experience I have as I develop my resume to specific internship opportinities. 
Lastly, I used Gemini and ChatGPT to explain areas of Lab 2 and parts of Lab 3 providing examples and practice.
More specifically, I asked it to give me a list of basic projects that I can work on during my own time
to get better at coding in VSCode and using Python. 

Week - 4

This week I used AI in my discussion board post. I chose option 3 where I asked AI to genrate
a Class for an object of my choice. In this I decided to ask Chat to make a class for a bed. It 
was interesting to see what it came up with as it was for the most part very detailed and included
everything that it needed to in terms of functions and methods. I would personally add more to it though
to expand on its functionality overall. I also used AI to generate a few more examples for personal
understanding of classes and objects. 

Week - 5
In week 5 I used chatGPT and Copilot in my search for things to do in Los Angles and San Jose California. I am planning a trip there
with some friends in January and needed some help figuring out what would be a decent amount to save and activities to do while I'm there. 
I also used AI to give me an idea about the different types of classes that could exists in my project without providing any specific code
to begin to brainstorm and work on the functions librabry that is due on the 12th of October. 

Week - 6
During week 6, I used AI in a few ways. The first thing I did was use AI to help to write my paper for INST455 paper that instructed us to use
AI to help us expand on a topic of article dealing with technology of some sort. I also used AI in planning for my trip to cali in the future. 
Lastly, AI was used to explain classes in different examples as I work to practice and get better coding. 

Week 7 
Week 7 we discussed error handling and testing. Looking at our porject and using AI I explored a couple of different ways that 
errors can show up in our system. I looked closely at how we could also ensure that our code blocks unsupported files and block corrupt
files to ensure proper functionality. I also used AI in my inquiry about bitcoin and crypto currency as an emerging technology. .

Week - 8
This week after discussing inheretance, I used AI to develop examples of how inheretance appears within our personal project. A biggest part
of this was creating example of how we can create layers and differences through inheretance to simplify our projeects functionalities 
where it makes sense. I also used AI in another class where it was permitted in exploring how AI and emerging technologies intersect. 

Week - 9
During this weeks, I used AI in two main ways. The first way that I used AI was in helping me to create an itenerary for my trip to LA
this upcoming winter break. Being a type A personality, having everything planned out is in my blood and creating/organzing this whole
trip was part of that. As for the second way that I used AI, it was in the creation of polymoric examples to help me get a better understanding
of the concept outside of the discussion board and as I prepared to complete the week 9 exercies. I haven't done them before doing the 
journal, so I can't say yet if I used it during the journal, but I may to help me with understanding any areas I may get stuck or fail to 
understand how to do based on context or specific question. 